journalist I do not expect sympathy without words
cross it out
what do you call nathaniel anthony aires
Junior and you have only two strings
it was not easy without meaning hi this
steve lopez
of the Los Angeles Times have I studied
movies tanya and tires
I will write and Nathaniel and people find out that
you play two strings you think that
probably you need a tool
better
but no money is a gift that he has
schizophrenia
arrive on this plane no i'm here
I don't always understand what's going on
he doesn't understand what he says I don't want
take full responsibility
fret responsibility and must be avoided
of course he's crazy he needs
be treated you want to lock me in
nuthouse
but this is not a medicine he did not help him
kept afloat only thanks to you
come on you can from movie directors
redemption I met a man from
whose luck turned away
I have pride and prejudice with him
I decided that I could help him real
the story went crazy
jamie fox struck me his courage
Robert Downey Jr in his humility you
I think again for the game and its strength
talent
god yes life is more important things
become his friend
means to find yourself again
I am his family except me he has no one
we care about each other
helping each other
I'm his friend
soloist
soon to the cinema